# Phase II: Refining interaction and designing wireframes

## Introduction

Clipbee is a Chromium browser extension that helps users save text, images, and files from one computer to another. This allows users to have a temporary storage place to access the files wherever the user is logged in with the extension. During this phase, we found many things that helped us improve our ux side and the software side in the development of Clipbee. For this phase, we focused more on gathering data to improve our user experience. We used a varying range of low to medium-costing research methods to gain valuable feedback. The methods that gave us the most valuable feedback were the Cognitive Walkthroughs and Informal Feedback. These were used to update our wireframe this phase for another round of research and data collecting in the next phase.

## Methods

In our second phase, we used two Formative Assessments a Cognitive Walkthrough and Informal Feedback.

Cognitive Walkthrough as our research method, which with our current wireframes and the personas we have written with scenarios was shared with two other UX students for them to play out as the personas that would evaluate one of the given scenarios with the persona. This helped us figure out where those UX Students had trouble with figuring out where to go next after a given frame or if something was missing from our wireframe. The UX Students gave us a step-by-step of what they did to get to the areas where they had trouble figuring out what to do next. For this, we gave the UX students our wireframe and asked them to take notes on what they were doing. The goal was to find out whether our wireframe was intuitive enough and where we needed improvement, such as areas that they got stuck in. After the notes were given to us we also asked them some follow-up questions to clarify the information they gave.

Another method we used was Informal Feedback. This is where we ask our building team to ask a question to the class that they demo to so we can get some direct feedback from people who have seen a working prototype of the Clipbeee and gain some insight on what direction they want it to go. The building team demos their work done so far and takes in questions from their peers. After that, they asked the question we gave them back to their peers and returned their response back to us. This involved a class size of 35 students.

## Findings

The results of our cognitive walkthrough allowed us to see the problems users had trouble with. The UX students who helped evaluate the Clipbee wireframe were able to complete some of the tasks of what Sam trying to send code. However, they had trouble logging out from the extension and how to send code from a computer to one another. And with the lack of feedback that the extension gives will make the user upset as we only have it go one way or another. Another aspect that help users back we the lack of structure that we had in the wireframe. Originally since we were the ones that built it we also knew how to walk through it. This wasn't the case for our testers who often told us how confused they were and would often get stumped on what to do. Our Informal Feedback gave us more hopeful results. Since the demo is a structured showing of the project. When we asked the users "How do you feel about copying and pasting text into this extension to save throughout two computers?" We got some pretty positive responses about being able to complete this goal.

## Conclusions

We interpreted the as needing to make a resignation on our wireframe. That being said our users could still achieve their goals since we got a good response from our Informal Feedback. This drew us to the confusion that users could achieve their goals but had a hard time doing it and less technically inclined users would probably give up. This is because we asked computer programs to evaluate the design in both the Cognitive Walkthrough and the Informal Feedback and both sections returned to us with confusion. So we can come to a conclusion that regular people that have a mean experience with technology would probably not be able to achieve their goal. As a response, our team made efforts to create a more streamlined and intuitive experience, such as updating the frame to include a logout button if you enter the profile page, applying better naming conventions to the pages, adding information on how more complicated aspects word, and organizing the wireframes display to flow more like a book, left to right. We also took into consideration what we should improve for our next upcoming phase 3. We plan to make it so that users get error code pop-ups if they do something wrong and feedback when the user clicks on something.

## Caveats

Due to this being done by UX Students, we didn't have what professionals would do. So this could be the UX Students not having many experiences performing walkthroughs which would lead to our UX students unknowingly omitting information and comments that would to useful to us. Our Wireframe could also be the other caveat we have due to wireframe being a concept of our main idea, it still left many things to the imagination of the user which could've led to more confusion about how a user got to a page or what the icons are supposed to mean. By the nature of it being a wire frame, we don't have the luggage to expand on this aspect as much as we'd like. Another caveat the the technical experience the people involved in our research methods had. Since all of them are in some form of computer or engineering STEM we have people that intuitively know how some things should work. While this allows us to get feedback from them and use it in the context of a student or a programmer, we lack getting feedback from people we identified as users like artists and office workers.
